2010-07-04

Colors.

PL said something about colors! I think if I could remember, it's what I want to say now. I don't know...
Anyway, colors.

THAT is a particular kind of green. I was in my dad's apartment and Jenny's blue-green blanket was sitting on the railing. I picked it up and tossed it around. Then folded it up and put it back on the railing.

That's what I was thinking about when I showed PL the picture and dreaded her reaction. We both know the story of the red underglaze. I took the picture with my laptop's webcam.
me: Here look at this.
me: I just made it
PL: ...
PL: It looks nice.
PL: ...
PL: ugh.
PL: I like the colors.
me: ;);)
me: me too ;)

That's where I skillfully didn't say ";)" a few more times. PL took colors seriously. She'd laughed at her future roommate Becky for doing the same.
Becky: I have a poster with a little blue on it, is that OK?

Because blue -- light blue -- was a sad color for PL, perhaps in deference to LS. And I don't think OL wore light colors for the same reason and I'm not sure how much I believe PL.

"No," my mom said, "she thought it was good enough."
Well it kind of was. It wasn't yellow but it looked dec. I of course believed in WR's honesty and imagined how bright and colorful the world must seem to her. I drew a lively colorful drawing with markers and called it "WR's world." That was the first of two drawings about WR. The second was in red.

I revived the second drawing and made a comic out of it. I kept it red.

When I drew the hat I made it orange. It was really the focus of the drawing but it ended up inconspicuous. I imagined RK asking "How did you know about my orange hat?"
me: RK, it's funny you should ask that, because I was going to make it red, except that
  1) It might be mistaken as a reference to Red Hat Linux; and
  2) I was afraid someone might recognize it as your red hat.
I was not aware you possessed an orange hat but I'm glad to know I got it right trying to get it wrong.

Turned out it wasn't really RK though. Jeff won't admit it's him but whoever it was got me to admit something nontrivial.

I tried to deny to Jeff that I had a deeper reason to use green highlighter.
Jeff: The real reason is it was next to yellow.
But we both knew it was because of AR's green marker. This time it wasn't, but symbols work equally well in retrospect.

PL: Just cause of the colors.
ll: And the shape.
She actually said "Just cause it's red" not "just cause of the colors". 


