2010-07-02

"My bus driver liked n's hat," I explained. "But he's only articulate when he's angry."

It was the wrong way to introduce the conversation. I had hoped we could engage in some mutual distaste for those who deliver from the schoolbus coarse insults at the sparse line of students who walk down Pennington-Titusville Road. Instead my remark let her suspect that I too was guilty of liking n's hat. Having learned not to defend n in my presence, she let the conversation drop into silence.

It was a beautiful red brimmed hat. I count it as victory that I did not immediately think of Fedora Core 3, the YUM package manager, or the philosophical implications of open-source software. I was humbled by the hat. Its color was deeper than any thought I had found myself capable of feeling.

"Must be a member of the Red Hat Society!" my bus driver yelled. At least he was nice and confined his opinion to local broadcast. The Timberlaners offered no such restraint. I will say that n ignored them with skill, because for her that might be true. For myself, I simply became too tired to react.

It was spring. Robotics had ended and I was taking the regular bus home. The bus's metal roof soaked in the sun, and all the windows had been opened. The thick fumes of diesel exhaust and sweaty teenagers that accompanied the buses' daily exodus could not completely obscure the smell of spring in the air. Perhaps the read beacon called up memories that had happened more than a year ago, but these thoughts did not reach my consciousness. I may have sensed they were out of order.

Some years I wait in anticipation for the surprise that spring has arrived, and am then disappointed that it provokes little reaction. Other years I think of spring only when first stepping my foot in a puddle of melted ice, and then the shock ties the whole year together. The latter story came before experience taught me that spring would, in fact, always come again. The best way I can summarize that tying together is that at the moment the environment becomes periodic, all things seem to take on a periodicity that explains them better.

If you can believe that you can believe anything.


