Steph Angel

The sun found Jeff lying in a corner of Lucy Stone Hall. It prodded at him until he sleepily wandered out of the building. Back in his dorm in Quad 1 he fell asleep several times in the shower, with the noisy fights of other guys just getting up calling him back to reality. The air at the Quads bus stop was cold and slightly misty. He leaned against the bus shelter wall looking at the fall colored leaves until a bus full of people he had never seen before and people he somewhat recognized took him to Busch campus for his first class.

On his way to SERC Jeff stopped and collapsed in the wet grass in the middle of the engineering quad. You see he was trying to find just the right moment to fall apart – he had to be careful not to waste it. He would fall right into your arms. Maybe he'd end up in someone else's, but it's really all about you. He lay there all by his lonesome.

An angel came down out of the magical blue and orange sky. She had massive gray wings and a shiny black bass guitar, and as she played (Smoke on the Water) the whole earth shook. She wore black leather pants and a white frilly shirt. Her shoulder-length light blond hair moved about in the wind as she flew downwards. She had come to rescue Jeff.

Ecstatic, he jumped up.
“Hi I'm Jeff!!!!11” He waved.
“Hello Jeff.”
He waited but she did not tell him her name. He tried again.
“So.... My name is Jeff!!”
But she didn't say anything more. She pulled Jeff up off the lawn and took him to her home on a cloud.

They lived there together for several weeks among the other angels. Jeff liked being the only mortal. He could tell stories about humans to the angels, who were remarkably ignorant of what went on on the ground below them. He could listen to angel stories, which had a thought process completely different from anything a human would ever think of. Angel stories have no concept of time. They talk about everything as if it all happened at once, and yet you always get the sense that something more is about to happen.

The angel who rescued Jeff was named Steph. She was the only one who could understand what Jeff meant by loneliness. He got so frustrated trying to explain the word to the rest of them. They never believed that the word really meant something, and then later they would forget he had even tried to tell them. Steph said she could hear loneliness, and play it on her guitar. She told Jeff that even in a world full of angels the sound of loneliness is clear if you listen.

After about a week Jeff brought up the subject of humans. They were sitting together on the edge of their cloud looking down on an endless sea of prairie.
“I know Sasha must have been here,” he said to Steph.
“No.”
“Amanda?”
“No.”
“Abby?”
“No. No one you know has every been here.”
“Will they ever be here?”
“No.”
“It's just me?”
“I'm...” She paused “I'm here.”

A few days later Steph was gone. After Jeff had looked around for her he asked an angel named Spiros.
“How do you know she hasn't just been behind you the whole time?”
“Do you see her behind me?”
“I don't know you just come asking me where she is assuming she hasn't just been behind you.”
“OK: do you see Steph behind me? No. you don't.”
“You don't know that I could just be lying to you.”
“OK we're DONE here.”

The other angels were no more helpful. She was gone the next day and the day after that.

Jeff started to get bored and irritated with the angels. They couldn't understand most of what he said, and when they did understand they didn't remember. They always thought he was making things up, especially emotions like happiness or boredom, and then they would make fun of him for it.

Eventually he got tired of living on the cloud. He got tired of the angels. He got tired of living in a place where no one he knew had ever been.

He let a rainstorm carry him back to earth. Then he texted Shasha happy thanksgiving.

